NAME                                  VERSION                  TYPE         
a52dec                                0.8.0-r10                apk           
abseil-cpp-base                       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-city                       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-cord                       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-cord-internal              20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-cordz-functions            20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-cordz-handle               20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-cordz-info                 20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-crc-cord-state             20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-crc-internal               20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-crc32c                     20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-debugging-internal         20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-examine-stack              20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-exponential-biased         20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-hash                       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-int128                     20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-kernel-timeout-internal    20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-globals                20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-internal-check-op      20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-internal-format        20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-internal-globals       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-internal-log-sink-set  20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-internal-message       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-internal-nullguard     20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-internal-proto         20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-log-sink                   20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-low-level-hash             20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-malloc-internal            20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-raw-hash-set               20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-raw-logging-internal       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-spinlock-wait              20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-stacktrace                 20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-str-format-internal        20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-strerror                   20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-strings                    20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-strings-internal           20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-symbolize                  20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-synchronization            20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-throw-delegate             20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-time                       20230802.1-r0            apk           
abseil-cpp-time-zone                  20230802.1-r0            apk           
alpine-baselayout                     3.4.3-r2                 apk           
alpine-baselayout-data                3.4.3-r2                 apk           
alpine-keys                           2.4-r1                   apk           
alsa-lib                              1.2.10-r0                apk           
aom-libs                              3.7.1-r0                 apk           
apk-tools                             2.14.0-r5                apk           
arrayvec                              0.7.4                    rust-crate    
at-spi2-core                          2.50.1-r0                apk           
avahi-libs                            0.8-r16                  apk           
bash                                  5.2.21-r0                apk           
bitflags                              2.4.1                    rust-crate    
boost1.82-python3                     1.82.0-r3                apk           
brotli-libs                           1.1.0-r1                 apk           
bubblewrap                            0.8.0-r1                 apk           
busybox                               1.36.1-r15               apk           
busybox-binsh                         1.36.1-r15               apk           
bytemuck                              1.14.0                   rust-crate    
c-ares                                1.27.0-r0                apk           
ca-certificates                       20240226-r0              apk           
ca-certificates-bundle                20230506-r0              apk           
cairo                                 1.18.0-r0                apk           
cairo-gobject                         1.18.0-r0                apk           
cdparanoia-libs                       10.2-r14                 apk           
cfg-if                                1.0.0                    rust-crate    
crossbeam-deque                       0.8.3                    rust-crate    
crossbeam-epoch                       0.9.15                   rust-crate    
crossbeam-utils                       0.8.16                   rust-crate    
cups-libs                             2.4.7-r0                 apk           
curl                                  8.5.0-r0                 apk           
dbus                                  1.14.10-r0               apk           
dbus-daemon-launch-helper             1.14.10-r0               apk           
dbus-libs                             1.14.10-r0               apk           
dbus-x11                              1.14.10-r0               apk           
directfb                              1.7.7-r7                 apk           
duktape                               2.7.0-r1                 apk           
either                                1.9.0                    rust-crate    
enchant2-libs                         2.6.3-r0                 apk           
encodings                             1.0.7-r1                 apk           
eudev-libs                            3.2.14-r0                apk           
faac                                  1.30-r5                  apk           
faad2-libs                            2.11.1-r0                apk           
fdk-aac                               2.0.2-r4                 apk           
ffmpeg4-libavcodec                    4.4.4-r5                 apk           
ffmpeg4-libavformat                   4.4.4-r5                 apk           
ffmpeg4-libavutil                     4.4.4-r5                 apk           
ffmpeg4-libpostproc                   4.4.4-r5                 apk           
ffmpeg4-libswresample                 4.4.4-r5                 apk           
ffmpeg4-libswscale                    4.4.4-r5                 apk           
fftw-single-libs                      3.3.10-r5                apk           
file                                  5.45-r1                  apk           
flite                                 2.2-r2                   apk           
font-dejavu                           2.37-r5                  apk           
font-noto                             23.7.1-r0                apk           
font-noto-common                      23.7.1-r0                apk           
font-noto-math                        23.7.1-r0                apk           
font-noto-symbols                     23.7.1-r0                apk           
fontconfig                            2.14.2-r4                apk           
freetype                              2.13.2-r0                apk           
fribidi                               1.0.13-r0                apk           
gcr                                   3.41.1-r5                apk           
gcr-base                              3.41.1-r5                apk           
gcr-ssh-agent                         3.41.1-r5                apk           
gdbm                                  1.23-r1                  apk           
gdk-pixbuf                            2.42.10-r6               apk           
glib                                  2.78.4-r0                apk           
glib-networking                       2.78.1-r0                apk           
glslang-libs                          1.3.261.1-r0             apk           
gmp                                   6.3.0-r0                 apk           
gnome-keyring                         42.1-r2                  apk           
gnutls                                3.8.4-r0                 apk           
graphene                              1.10.8-r4                apk           
graphite2                             1.3.14-r6                apk           
gsettings-desktop-schemas             45.0-r0                  apk           
gsm                                   1.0.22-r3                apk           
gspell                                1.12.2-r1                apk           
gst-plugins-bad                       1.22.8-r0                apk           
gst-plugins-base                      1.22.8-r0                apk           
gstreamer                             1.22.8-r0                apk           
gtk+3.0                               3.24.41-r0               apk           
gtk-update-icon-cache                 3.24.41-r0               apk           
harfbuzz                              8.3.0-r0                 apk           
harfbuzz-icu                          8.3.0-r0                 apk           
hicolor-icon-theme                    0.17-r2                  apk           
hwdata-pci                            0.377.2-r0               apk           
hyphen                                2.8.8-r3                 apk           
icu-data-full                         74.1-r0                  apk           
icu-libs                              74.1-r0                  apk           
imagequant                            4.2.2                    rust-crate    
imagequant-sys                        4.0.3                    rust-crate    
imath                                 3.1.9-r3                 apk           
iso-codes                             4.15.0-r1                apk           
jansson                               2.14-r4                  apk           
lame-libs                             3.100-r5                 apk           
lcms2                                 2.15-r4                  apk           
ldb                                   2.7.2-r1                 apk           
libacl                                2.3.1-r4                 apk           
libarchive                            3.7.2-r1                 apk           
libass                                0.17.1-r1                apk           
libasyncns                            0.8-r2                   apk           
libatk-1.0                            2.50.1-r0                apk           
libatk-bridge-2.0                     2.50.1-r0                apk           
libatomic                             13.2.1_git20231014-r0    apk           
libavc1394                            0.5.4-r3                 apk           
libavif                               1.0.3-r0                 apk           
libblkid                              2.39.3-r0                apk           
libbluray                             1.3.4-r1                 apk           
libbsd                                0.11.7-r3                apk           
libbz2                                1.0.8-r6                 apk           
libc                                  0.2.149                  rust-crate    
libc-utils                            0.7.2-r5                 apk           
libcap2                               2.69-r1                  apk           
libcddb                               1.3.2-r4                 apk           
libcrypto3                            3.1.4-r5                 apk           
libcurl                               8.5.0-r0                 apk           
libdav1d                              1.3.0-r1                 apk           
libdc1394                             2.2.7-r0                 apk           
libde265                              1.0.15-r0                apk           
libdrm                                2.4.118-r0               apk           
libdvbpsi                             1.3.3-r1                 apk           
libdvdcss                             1.4.3-r0                 apk           
libdvdnav                             6.1.1-r1                 apk           
libdvdread                            6.1.3-r2                 apk           
libebml                               1.4.5-r0                 apk           
libelf                                0.190-r1                 apk           
libepoxy                              1.5.10-r1                apk           
libevdev                              1.13.1-r0                apk           
libexpat                              2.6.2-r0                 apk           
libffi                                3.4.4-r3                 apk           
libflac                               1.4.3-r1                 apk           
libfontenc                            1.1.7-r4                 apk           
libfreeaptx                           0.1.1-r1                 apk           
libgcc                                13.2.1_git20231014-r0    apk           
libgcrypt                             1.10.3-r0                apk           
libgfortran                           13.2.1_git20231014-r0    apk           
libgomp                               13.2.1_git20231014-r0    apk           
libgpg-error                          1.47-r2                  apk           
libgudev                              238-r0                   apk           
libhwy                                1.0.7-r0                 apk           
libice                                1.1.1-r5                 apk           
libidn2                               2.3.4-r4                 apk           
libimagequant                         4.2.2-r0                 apk           
libinput-libs                         1.24.0-r0                apk           
libintl                               0.22.3-r0                apk           
libjpeg-turbo                         3.0.1-r0                 apk           
libjxl                                0.8.2-r0                 apk           
libldac                               2.0.2.3-r1               apk           
libldap                               2.6.6-r1                 apk           
libltdl                               2.4.7-r3                 apk           
libmad                                0.15.1b-r9               apk           
libmagic                              5.45-r1                  apk           
libmanette                            0.2.6-r2                 apk           
libmatroska                           1.7.1-r0                 apk           
libmd                                 1.1.0-r0                 apk           
libmicrodns                           0.2.0-r1                 apk           
libmodplug                            0.8.9.0-r3               apk           
libmount                              2.39.3-r0                apk           
libmpeg2                              0.5.1-r11                apk           
libncursesw                           6.4_p20231125-r0         apk           
libnice                               0.1.21-r0                apk           
libnotify                             0.8.3-r0                 apk           
libogg                                1.3.5-r5                 apk           
libpanelw                             6.4_p20231125-r0         apk           
libpciaccess                          0.17-r2                  apk           
libpcre2-16                           10.42-r2                 apk           
libpcre2-32                           10.42-r2                 apk           
libplacebo5                           5.264.1-r4               apk           
libpng                                1.6.40-r0                apk           
libprotobuf-lite                      24.4-r0                  apk           
libproxy                              0.5.3-r0                 apk           
libpsl                                0.21.2-r1                apk           
libpulse                              16.1-r11                 apk           
libquadmath                           13.2.1_git20231014-r0    apk           
libraw1394                            2.1.2-r5                 apk           
librsvg                               2.57.1-r0                apk           
librtmp                               2.4_git20190330-r4       apk           
libsamplerate                         0.2.2-r3                 apk           
libsasl                               2.1.28-r5                apk           
libseccomp                            2.5.5-r0                 apk           
libsecret                             0.21.2-r0                apk           
libsharpyuv                           1.3.2-r0                 apk           
libshout                              2.4.6-r3                 apk           
libsm                                 1.2.4-r3                 apk           
libsmbclient                          4.18.9-r0                apk           
libsndfile                            1.2.2-r0                 apk           
libsoup3                              3.4.4-r0                 apk           
libsrt                                1.5.3-r0                 apk           
libsrtp                               2.5.0-r1                 apk           
libssh                                0.10.6-r0                apk           
libssl3                               3.1.4-r5                 apk           
libstdc++                             13.2.1_git20231014-r0    apk           
libtag                                1.13.1-r0                apk           
libtasn1                              4.19.0-r2                apk           
libtheora                             1.1.1-r18                apk           
libunibreak                           5.1-r3                   apk           
libunistring                          1.1-r2                   apk           
libupnp                               1.14.18-r0               apk           
libusb                                1.0.26-r3                apk           
libuuid                               2.39.3-r0                apk           
libva                                 2.20.0-r0                apk           
libva-intel-driver                    2.4.1-r0                 apk           
libvdpau                              1.5-r2                   apk           
libvorbis                             1.3.7-r2                 apk           
libvpx                                1.13.1-r0                apk           
libwbclient                           4.18.9-r0                apk           
libwebp                               1.3.2-r0                 apk           
libwebpdemux                          1.3.2-r0                 apk           
libwebpmux                            1.3.2-r0                 apk           
libwoff2common                        1.0.2-r4                 apk           
libwoff2enc                           1.0.2-r4                 apk           
libwpe                                1.14.1-r0                apk           
libwpebackend-fdo                     1.14.2-r0                apk           
libx11                                1.8.7-r0                 apk           
libxau                                1.0.11-r3                apk           
libxcb                                1.16-r0                  apk           
libxcomposite                         0.4.6-r4                 apk           
libxcursor                            1.2.1-r3                 apk           
libxdamage                            1.1.6-r4                 apk           
libxdmcp                              1.1.4-r3                 apk           
libxext                               1.3.5-r3                 apk           
libxfixes                             6.0.1-r3                 apk           
libxft                                2.3.8-r2                 apk           
libxi                                 1.8.1-r2                 apk           
libxinerama                           1.1.5-r3                 apk           
libxkbcommon                          1.6.0-r0                 apk           
libxkbcommon-x11                      1.6.0-r0                 apk           
libxml2                               2.11.7-r0                apk           
libxmu                                1.1.4-r2                 apk           
libxpm                                3.5.17-r0                apk           
libxrandr                             1.5.4-r0                 apk           
libxrender                            0.9.11-r4                apk           
libxscrnsaver                         1.2.4-r2                 apk           
libxshmfence                          1.3.2-r5                 apk           
libxslt                               1.1.39-r0                apk           
libxt                                 1.3.0-r4                 apk           
libxtst                               1.2.4-r4                 apk           
libxv                                 1.0.12-r4                apk           
libxvmc                               1.0.13-r4                apk           
libxxf86vm                            1.1.5-r5                 apk           
libzbar                               0.23.93-r0               apk           
linux-pam                             1.5.3-r7                 apk           
live-media                            2023.01.19-r0            apk           
llvm17-libs                           17.0.5-r0                apk           
lmdb                                  0.9.31-r0                apk           
lua5.2-libs                           5.2.4-r13                apk           
lz4-libs                              1.9.4-r5                 apk           
memoffset                             0.9.0                    rust-crate    
mesa                                  23.3.6-r0                apk           
mesa-dri-gallium                      23.3.6-r0                apk           
mesa-egl                              23.3.6-r0                apk           
mesa-gbm                              23.3.6-r0                apk           
mesa-gl                               23.3.6-r0                apk           
mesa-glapi                            23.3.6-r0                apk           
mesa-va-gallium                       23.3.6-r0                apk           
mkfontscale                           1.2.2-r4                 apk           
mpdecimal                             2.5.1-r2                 apk           
mtdev                                 1.1.6-r3                 apk           
musl                                  1.2.4_git20230717-r4     apk           
musl-utils                            1.2.4_git20230717-r4     apk           
ncurses-terminfo-base                 6.4_p20231125-r0         apk           
neon                                  0.32.5-r2                apk           
netcat-openbsd                        1.226-r0                 apk           
nettle                                3.9.1-r0                 apk           
nghttp2-libs                          1.58.0-r0                apk           
numactl                               2.0.16-r4                apk           
numpy                                 1.25.2                   python        
once_cell                             1.18.0                   rust-crate    
openal-soft-libs                      1.23.1-r0                apk           
openblas                              0.3.25-r0                apk           
openexr-libiex                        3.1.12-r0                apk           
openexr-libilmthread                  3.1.12-r0                apk           
openexr-libopenexr                    3.1.12-r0                apk           
openjpeg                              2.5.0-r3                 apk           
opus                                  1.4-r0                   apk           
orc                                   0.4.34-r0                apk           
p11-kit                               0.25.3-r0                apk           
pango                                 1.51.0-r0                apk           
pcre2                                 10.42-r2                 apk           
pillow                                10.3.0                   python        
pixman                                0.42.2-r2                apk           
pkgconf                               2.1.0-r0                 apk           
popt                                  1.19-r3                  apk           
pulseaudio                            16.1-r11                 apk           
pulseaudio-alsa                       16.1-r11                 apk           
py3-numpy                             1.25.2-r0                apk           
py3-numpy-pyc                         1.25.2-r0                apk           
py3-pillow                            10.3.0-r0                apk           
py3-pillow-pyc                        10.3.0-r0                apk           
py3-six                               1.16.0-r8                apk           
py3-six-pyc                           1.16.0-r8                apk           
py3-wxpython                          4.2.1-r1                 apk           
py3-wxpython-pyc                      4.2.1-r1                 apk           
pyc                                   3.11.8-r0                apk           
python3                               3.11.8-r0                apk           
python3-pyc                           3.11.8-r0                apk           
python3-pycache-pyc0                  3.11.8-r0                apk           
qt5-qtbase                            5.15.10_git20230714-r2   apk           
qt5-qtbase-x11                        5.15.10_git20230714-r2   apk           
qt5-qtdeclarative                     5.15.10_git20230629-r0   apk           
qt5-qtsvg                             5.15.10_git20230612-r0   apk           
qt5-qtwayland                         5.15.10_git20230714-r0   apk           
qt5-qtx11extras                       5.15.10_git20230424-r0   apk           
rayon                                 1.8.0                    rust-crate    
rayon-core                            1.12.0                   rust-crate    
readline                              8.2.1-r2                 apk           
rgb                                   0.8.36                   rust-crate    
samba-libs                            4.18.9-r0                apk           
samba-util-libs                       4.18.9-r0                apk           
sbc                                   2.0-r1                   apk           
scanelf                               1.3.7-r2                 apk           
scopeguard                            1.2.0                    rust-crate    
sdl2                                  2.28.5-r0                apk           
shaderc                               2023.7-r0                apk           
shared-mime-info                      2.4-r0                   apk           
six                                   1.16.0                   python        
skalibs                               2.14.0.1-r0              apk           
soundtouch                            2.3.2-r4                 apk           
soxr                                  0.1.3-r7                 apk           
spandsp                               0.0.6-r5                 apk           
speex                                 1.2.1-r2                 apk           
speexdsp                              1.2.1-r2                 apk           
spirv-tools                           1.3.261.1-r0             apk           
sqlite-libs                           3.44.2-r0                apk           
ssl_client                            1.36.1-r15               apk           
talloc                                2.4.2-r0                 apk           
tdb-libs                              1.4.9-r0                 apk           
tevent                                0.15.0-r0                apk           
thread_local                          1.1.7                    rust-crate    
tiff                                  4.6.0-r0                 apk           
tslib                                 1.22-r1                  apk           
utmps-libs                            0.1.2.2-r0               apk           
vlc                                   3.0.20-r1                apk           
vlc-libs                              3.0.20-r1                apk           
vlc-qt                                3.0.20-r1                apk           
vo-aacenc                             0.1.3-r2                 apk           
vo-amrwbenc                           0.1.3-r2                 apk           
vulkan-loader                         1.3.261.1-r0             apk           
wayland-libs-client                   1.22.0-r4                apk           
wayland-libs-cursor                   1.22.0-r4                apk           
wayland-libs-egl                      1.22.0-r4                apk           
wayland-libs-server                   1.22.0-r4                apk           
webkit2gtk-4.1                        2.42.5-r0                apk           
webrtc-audio-processing               0.3.1-r6                 apk           
wxPython                              4.2.1                    python        
wxwidgets                             3.2.4-r0                 apk           
wxwidgets-gtk3                        3.2.4-r0                 apk           
wxwidgets-webview                     3.2.4-r0                 apk           
x264-libs                             0.164_git20231001-r0     apk           
x265-libs                             3.5-r4                   apk           
xcb-util                              0.4.1-r3                 apk           
xcb-util-image                        0.4.1-r0                 apk           
xcb-util-keysyms                      0.4.1-r0                 apk           
xcb-util-renderutil                   0.3.10-r0                apk           
xcb-util-wm                           0.4.2-r0                 apk           
xdg-dbus-proxy                        0.1.5-r0                 apk           
xdg-utils                             1.1.3-r4                 apk           
xf86-video-amdgpu                     23.0.0-r2                apk           
xf86-video-ati                        22.0.0-r2                apk           
xf86-video-intel                      2.99.917_git20221028-r6  apk           
xkeyboard-config                      2.40-r0                  apk           
xprop                                 1.2.7-r0                 apk           
xset                                  1.2.5-r1                 apk           
xvidcore                              1.3.7-r2                 apk           
xz-libs                               5.4.5-r0                 apk           
zlib                                  1.3.1-r0                 apk           
zstd-libs                             1.5.5-r8                 apk           
