NAME                            VERSION                          TYPE           
adduser                         3.137                            deb             
apt                             2.9.18                           deb             
base-files                      13.6                             deb             
base-passwd                     3.6.5                            deb             
bash                            5.2.37-1                         deb             
bsdutils                        1:2.40.2-12                      deb             
ca-certificates                 20241223                         deb             
colorpicker                     2.0.1                            java-archive    
commons-cli                     1.8.0                            java-archive    
commons-lang3                   3.14.0                           java-archive    
commons-text                    1.12.0                           java-archive    
coreutils                       9.5-1+b1                         deb             
curl                            8.11.1-1                         deb             
dash                            0.5.12-9                         deb             
dbus-bin                        1.16.0-1                         deb             
dbus-daemon                     1.16.0-1                         deb             
dbus-session-bus-common         1.16.0-1                         deb             
dbus-x11                        1.16.0-1                         deb             
debconf                         1.5.87                           deb             
debian-archive-keyring          2023.4                           deb             
debianutils                     5.21                             deb             
desktop-file-utils              0.28-1                           deb             
diffutils                       1:3.10-1                         deb             
dpkg                            1.22.11                          deb             
e2fsprogs                       1.47.2~rc1-2                     deb             
findutils                       4.10.0-3                         deb             
fontconfig                      2.15.0-2                         deb             
fontconfig-config               2.15.0-2                         deb             
fonts-noto                      20201225-2                       deb             
fonts-noto-core                 20201225-2                       deb             
fonts-noto-mono                 20201225-2                       deb             
gcc-14-base                     14.2.0-12                        deb             
gpgv                            2.2.45-2                         deb             
grep                            3.11-4                           deb             
gzip                            1.12-1.2                         deb             
hicolor-icon-theme              0.18-1                           deb             
hostname                        3.25                             deb             
init-system-helpers             1.67                             deb             
iso-codes                       4.17.0-1                         deb             
jrt-fs                          21.0.4                           java-archive    
keyboard-configuration          1.233                            deb             
libacl1                         2.3.2-2+b1                       deb             
libaom3                         3.11.0-1                         deb             
libapparmor1                    3.1.7-1+b3                       deb             
libapt-pkg6.0t64                2.9.18                           deb             
libasound2-data                 1.2.13-1                         deb             
libasound2-plugins              1.2.12-2+b1                      deb             
libasound2t64                   1.2.13-1+b1                      deb             
libasyncns0                     0.8-6+b5                         deb             
libatomic1                      14.2.0-12                        deb             
libattr1                        1:2.5.2-2                        deb             
libaudit-common                 1:4.0.2-2                        deb             
libaudit1                       1:4.0.2-2                        deb             
libavcodec61                    7:7.1-3+b1                       deb             
libavutil59                     7:7.1-3+b1                       deb             
libblkid1                       2.40.2-12                        deb             
libbrotli1                      1.1.0-2+b6                       deb             
libbsd0                         0.12.2-2                         deb             
libbz2-1.0                      1.0.8-6                          deb             
libc-bin                        2.40-4                           deb             
libc6                           2.40-4                           deb             
libcairo-gobject2               1.18.2-2                         deb             
libcairo2                       1.18.2-2                         deb             
libcap-ng0                      0.8.5-4                          deb             
libcap2                         1:2.66-5+b1                      deb             
libcap2-bin                     1:2.66-5+b1                      deb             
libcodec2-1.2                   1.2.0-2+b2                       deb             
libcom-err2                     1.47.2~rc1-2                     deb             
libcrypt1                       1:4.4.36-5                       deb             
libcurl3t64-gnutls              8.11.1-1                         deb             
libdatrie1                      0.2.13-3+b1                      deb             
libdav1d7                       1.5.0-1+b1                       deb             
libdb5.3t64                     5.3.28+dfsg2-9                   deb             
libdbus-1-3                     1.16.0-1                         deb             
libdebconfclient0               0.274                            deb             
libdeflate0                     1.22-1                           deb             
libdrm-amdgpu1                  2.4.123-1                        deb             
libdrm-common                   2.4.123-1                        deb             
libdrm-intel1                   2.4.123-1                        deb             
libdrm-radeon1                  2.4.123-1                        deb             
libdrm2                         2.4.123-1                        deb             
libdw1t64                       0.192-4                          deb             
libedit2                        3.1-20240808-1                   deb             
libegl-mesa0                    24.3.3-1                         deb             
libegl1                         1.7.0-1+b2                       deb             
libelf1t64                      0.192-4                          deb             
libepoxy0                       1.5.10-2                         deb             
libexpat1                       2.6.4-1                          deb             
libext2fs2t64                   1.47.2~rc1-2                     deb             
libffi8                         3.4.6-1                          deb             
libfftw3-single3                3.3.10-2+b1                      deb             
libflac12t64                    1.4.3+ds-4                       deb             
libfontconfig1                  2.15.0-2                         deb             
libfontenc1                     1:1.1.8-1+b2                     deb             
libfreetype6                    2.13.3+dfsg-1                    deb             
libfribidi0                     1.0.16-1                         deb             
libgbm1                         24.3.3-1                         deb             
libgcc-s1                       14.2.0-12                        deb             
libgcrypt20                     1.11.0-6                         deb             
libgdk-pixbuf-2.0-0             2.42.12+dfsg-1+b1                deb             
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common         2.42.12+dfsg-1                   deb             
libgif7                         5.2.2-1+b1                       deb             
libgl1                          1.7.0-1+b2                       deb             
libgl1-mesa-dri                 24.3.3-1                         deb             
libglapi-mesa                   24.3.3-1                         deb             
libglib2.0-0t64                 2.82.4-1                         deb             
libglvnd0                       1.7.0-1+b2                       deb             
libglx-mesa0                    24.3.3-1                         deb             
libglx0                         1.7.0-1+b2                       deb             
libgmp10                        2:6.3.0+dfsg-3                   deb             
libgnutls30t64                  3.8.8-2                          deb             
libgomp1                        14.2.0-12                        deb             
libgpg-error0                   1.51-2                           deb             
libgraphite2-3                  1.3.14-2+b1                      deb             
libgsm1                         1.0.22-1+b2                      deb             
libgssapi-krb5-2                1.21.3-3                         deb             
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0  1.24.11-1                        deb             
libgstreamer1.0-0               1.24.11-1                        deb             
libharfbuzz0b                   10.1.0-2                         deb             
libhogweed6t64                  3.10-1+b1                        deb             
libhwy1t64                      1.2.0-2+b2                       deb             
libice6                         2:1.1.1-1                        deb             
libicu72                        72.1-6                           deb             
libidn2-0                       2.3.7-2+b1                       deb             
libimath-3-1-29t64              3.1.12-1+b2                      deb             
libjack-jackd2-0                1.9.22~dfsg-4                    deb             
libjbig0                        2.1-6.1+b2                       deb             
libjpeg62-turbo                 1:2.1.5-3+b1                     deb             
libjxl0.10                      0.10.4-2                         deb             
libk5crypto3                    1.21.3-3                         deb             
libkeyutils1                    1.6.3-4                          deb             
libkmod2                        33+20240816-2                    deb             
libkrb5-3                       1.21.3-3                         deb             
libkrb5support0                 1.21.3-3                         deb             
liblcms2-2                      2.16-2                           deb             
libldap-2.5-0                   2.5.19+dfsg-1                    deb             
liblerc4                        4.0.0+ds-5                       deb             
libllvm19                       1:19.1.6-1+b1                    deb             
liblocale-gettext-perl          1.07-7+b1                        deb             
libltdl7                        2.5.4-2                          deb             
liblz4-1                        1.9.4-3+b1                       deb             
liblzma5                        5.6.3-1+b1                       deb             
libmd0                          1.1.0-2+b1                       deb             
libmount1                       2.40.2-12                        deb             
libmp3lame0                     3.100-6+b3                       deb             
libmpg123-0t64                  1.32.10-1                        deb             
libncursesw6                    6.5-2+b1                         deb             
libnettle8t64                   3.10-1+b1                        deb             
libnghttp2-14                   1.64.0-1                         deb             
libnghttp3-9                    1.6.0-2                          deb             
libngtcp2-16                    1.9.1-1                          deb             
libngtcp2-crypto-gnutls8        1.9.1-1                          deb             
libnuma1                        2.0.18-1+b1                      deb             
libogg0                         1.3.5-3+b2                       deb             
libopenexr-3-1-30               3.1.5-5.1+b4                     deb             
libopenjp2-7                    2.5.0-2+b4                       deb             
libopus0                        1.5.2-2                          deb             
liborc-0.4-0t64                 1:0.4.40-1                       deb             
libp11-kit0                     0.25.5-2+b1                      deb             
libpam-modules                  1.5.3-7+b1                       deb             
libpam-modules-bin              1.5.3-7+b1                       deb             
libpam-runtime                  1.5.3-7                          deb             
libpam0g                        1.5.3-7+b1                       deb             
libpango-1.0-0                  1.55.0+ds-3                      deb             
libpangocairo-1.0-0             1.55.0+ds-3                      deb             
libpangoft2-1.0-0               1.55.0+ds-3                      deb             
libpciaccess0                   0.17-3+b3                        deb             
libpcre2-8-0                    10.44-5                          deb             
libpixman-1-0                   0.44.0-3                         deb             
libpng16-16t64                  1.6.45-1                         deb             
libpsl5t64                      0.21.2-1.1+b1                    deb             
libpulse0                       17.0+dfsg1-1                     deb             
libpulsedsp                     17.0+dfsg1-1                     deb             
libpython3-stdlib               3.13.1-2                         deb             
libpython3.13-minimal           3.13.1-3                         deb             
libpython3.13-stdlib            3.13.1-3                         deb             
librav1e0.7                     0.7.1-9                          deb             
libreadline8t64                 8.2-6                            deb             
librsvg2-2                      2.59.2+dfsg-1                    deb             
librtmp1                        2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2+b5   deb             
libsamplerate0                  0.2.2-4+b2                       deb             
libsasl2-2                      2.1.28+dfsg1-8                   deb             
libsasl2-modules-db             2.1.28+dfsg1-8                   deb             
libseccomp2                     2.5.5-2                          deb             
libselinux1                     3.7-3+b1                         deb             
libsemanage-common              3.7-2                            deb             
libsemanage2                    3.7-2+b1                         deb             
libsensors-config               1:3.6.0-10                       deb             
libsensors5                     1:3.6.0-10+b1                    deb             
libsepol2                       3.7-1                            deb             
libsharpyuv0                    1.5.0-0.1                        deb             
libshine3                       3.1.1-2+b2                       deb             
libsm6                          2:1.2.4-1                        deb             
libsmartcols1                   2.40.2-12                        deb             
libsnappy1v5                    1.2.1-1+b1                       deb             
libsndfile1                     1.2.2-2                          deb             
libsoxr0                        0.1.3-4+b2                       deb             
libspeex1                       1.2.1-3                          deb             
libspeexdsp1                    1.2.1-1+b2                       deb             
libsqlite3-0                    3.46.1-1                         deb             
libss2                          1.47.2~rc1-2                     deb             
libssh2-1t64                    1.11.1-1                         deb             
libssl3t64                      3.4.0-2                          deb             
libstdc++6                      14.2.0-12                        deb             
libsvtav1enc2                   2.3.0+dfsg-1                     deb             
libswresample5                  7:7.1-3+b1                       deb             
libsystemd-shared               257.2-1                          deb             
libsystemd0                     257.2-1                          deb             
libtasn1-6                      4.19.0-3+b3                      deb             
libtdb1                         2.10.0+samba4.21.3+dfsg-1+b1     deb             
libthai-data                    0.1.29-2                         deb             
libthai0                        0.1.29-2+b1                      deb             
libtheora0                      1.1.1+dfsg.1-17                  deb             
libtiff6                        4.5.1+git230720-5                deb             
libtinfo6                       6.5-2+b1                         deb             
libtwolame0                     0.4.0-2+b2                       deb             
libudev1                        257.2-1                          deb             
libunistring5                   1.3-1                            deb             
libunwind8                      1.7.2-1                          deb             
libuuid1                        2.40.2-12                        deb             
libva-drm2                      2.22.0-1+b1                      deb             
libva-x11-2                     2.22.0-1+b1                      deb             
libva2                          2.22.0-1+b1                      deb             
libvdpau1                       1.5-3+b1                         deb             
libvorbis0a                     1.3.7-2+b1                       deb             
libvorbisenc2                   1.3.7-2+b1                       deb             
libvpl2                         1:2.13.0-1                       deb             
libvpx9                         1.15.0-1                         deb             
libvulkan1                      1.3.296.0-1                      deb             
libwayland-client0              1.23.0-1+b1                      deb             
libwayland-server0              1.23.0-1+b1                      deb             
libwebp7                        1.5.0-0.1                        deb             
libwebpmux3                     1.5.0-0.1                        deb             
libwebrtc-audio-processing1     0.3-1+b2                         deb             
libwrap0                        7.6.q-35                         deb             
libx11-6                        2:1.8.10-2                       deb             
libx11-data                     2:1.8.10-2                       deb             
libx11-xcb1                     2:1.8.10-2                       deb             
libx264-164                     2:0.164.3108+git31e19f9-2        deb             
libx265-209                     3.6-3+b1                         deb             
libxau6                         1:1.0.11-1                       deb             
libxaw7                         2:1.0.16-1                       deb             
libxcb-dri3-0                   1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb-glx0                     1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb-present0                 1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb-randr0                   1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb-render0                  1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb-shm0                     1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb-sync1                    1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb-xfixes0                  1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcb1                         1.17.0-2+b1                      deb             
libxcvt0                        0.1.2-1+b2                       deb             
libxdmcp6                       1:1.1.5-1                        deb             
libxext6                        2:1.3.4-1+b3                     deb             
libxfixes3                      1:6.0.0-2+b3                     deb             
libxfont2                       1:2.0.6-1+b3                     deb             
libxi6                          2:1.8.2-1                        deb             
libxkbfile1                     1:1.1.0-1+b3                     deb             
libxml2                         2.12.7+dfsg+really2.9.14-0.2+b1  deb             
libxmu6                         2:1.1.3-3+b4                     deb             
libxpm4                         1:3.5.17-1+b3                    deb             
libxrandr2                      2:1.5.4-1+b2                     deb             
libxrender1                     1:0.9.10-1.1+b3                  deb             
libxshmfence1                   1.3-1+b3                         deb             
libxt6t64                       1:1.2.1-1.2+b2                   deb             
libxtst6                        2:1.2.3-1.1+b3                   deb             
libxvidcore4                    2:1.3.7-1+b2                     deb             
libxxf86vm1                     1:1.1.4-1+b4                     deb             
libxxhash0                      0.8.2-2+b2                       deb             
libz3-4                         4.13.3-1                         deb             
libzstd1                        1.5.6+dfsg-1+b1                  deb             
libzvbi-common                  0.2.43-2                         deb             
libzvbi0t64                     0.2.43-2                         deb             
login                           1:4.16.0-2+really2.40.2-12       deb             
login.defs                      1:4.16.0-7                       deb             
logisim-evolution               3.9.0                            deb             
logisim-evolution               3.9.0-all                        java-archive    
logsave                         1.47.2~rc1-2                     deb             
mawk                            1.3.4.20240905-1                 deb             
media-types                     10.1.0                           deb             
mesa-libgallium                 24.3.3-1                         deb             
mesa-va-drivers                 24.3.3-1                         deb             
mesa-vulkan-drivers             24.3.3-1                         deb             
mount                           2.40.2-12                        deb             
ncurses-base                    6.5-2                            deb             
ncurses-bin                     6.5-2+b1                         deb             
netbase                         6.4                              deb             
netcat-openbsd                  1.228-1                          deb             
ocl-icd-libopencl1              2.3.2-1+b2                       deb             
openssl                         3.4.0-2                          deb             
openssl-provider-legacy         3.4.0-2                          deb             
passwd                          1:4.16.0-7                       deb             
perl-base                       5.40.0-8                         deb             
pulseaudio                      17.0+dfsg1-1                     deb             
pulseaudio-utils                17.0+dfsg1-1                     deb             
python3                         3.13.1-2                         deb             
python3-minimal                 3.13.1-2                         deb             
python3.13                      3.13.1-3                         deb             
python3.13-minimal              3.13.1-3                         deb             
readline-common                 8.2-6                            deb             
sed                             4.9-2                            deb             
shared-mime-info                2.4-5+b1                         deb             
slf4j-api                       2.0.16                           java-archive    
slf4j-simple                    2.0.16                           java-archive    
swing-checkbox-tree             1.0.2                            java-archive    
swingx-action                   1.6.8                            java-archive    
swingx-autocomplete             1.6.8                            java-archive    
swingx-common                   1.6.8                            java-archive    
swingx-core                     1.6.8                            java-archive    
swingx-graphics                 1.6.8                            java-archive    
swingx-painters                 1.6.8                            java-archive    
swingx-plaf                     1.6.8                            java-archive    
systemd                         257.2-1                          deb             
sysvinit-utils                  3.11-1                           deb             
tar                             1.35+dfsg-3.1                    deb             
tzdata                          2024b-4                          deb             
udev                            257.2-1                          deb             
usr-is-merged                   39                               deb             
util-linux                      2.40.2-12                        deb             
x11-common                      1:7.7+23.2                       deb             
x11-xkb-utils                   7.7+9                            deb             
xdg-utils                       1.2.1-2                          deb             
xkb-data                        2.42-1                           deb             
xserver-common                  2:21.1.15-2                      deb             
xserver-xorg-core               2:21.1.15-2                      deb             
xserver-xorg-video-amdgpu       23.0.0-1                         deb             
xserver-xorg-video-ati          1:22.0.0-1                       deb             
xserver-xorg-video-radeon       1:22.0.0-1                       deb             
zlib1g                          1:1.3.dfsg+really1.3.1-1+b1      deb             
